# Movie Player 5
Add a lastWatched() method to the WatchList class. This method returns a reference to the last Watchable object that has been watched from the watchlist (i.e., on which the method watch() from Watchable was last called). Note that you should not rely on the method next() from WatchList to know the last watched object (a client might call watch() on an arbitrary object since the last call to next()). Do not loop through every Watchable object in a WatchList every time the method lastWatched() is called.

Use class inheritance to group common properties and behaviors of Watchable implementations to reduce code duplication. Make sure to follow good design principles for inheritance.

Consider the state-modifying actions of WatchList: setName, addWatchable, removeWatchable, next, and reset. Add two additional methods, undo() and redo(). Like most modern software, the undo() method reverses the effect of the last state-modifying method call. Calling undo() multiple times in a row undoes the actions in the reverse order they were performed, until the first action. Calling undo() after all actions have been undone does nothing. Similarly, redo() performs again the last undone action, and calling it multiple times performs the undone actions in the reverse order they were undone, until there are no more actions to redo. After the last undone action is redone, calling redo() does nothing. However, calling redo() right after an action other than undo() causes the last action to be repeated. For example, calling redo() right after next() is equivalent to calling next() a second time. If some actions are performed after calling undo(), it is no longer possible to redo() the undone actions, as it may corrupt the state of the WatchList (and redo() instead repeats the last action). As an example of the expected behavior, consider the undo and redo commands in Microsoft Word. Try typing "ABC", then hit Ctrl+Z and Ctrl+Y (or Cmd+Z/Cmd+Y on Mac, not Cmd+Shift+Z) in different sequences. Finally, create a UML state diagram to demonstrate your design.
